Welcome to our quiet
tutorial we want to show you today
we both 125cc yamaha yzf the engine
expands
that can be very helpful sometimes
as for example at the now inter
wanted to change or maybe several
make other maintenance on the motor
wanted for so motor on the bad bank to
they make me a little bit more beautiful
as the engine just so radiation too
burst
still installed in the vehicle is in the reason
Actually quite simple work
you just need to be reasonably
this is not a professional tool
absolutely what should be bought
you can actually find each one in
every short well sorted at home
the garage only failed
because the question has something to do with it
security yes the work takes a while
little
You should be such a good one
two hours to live for and around the
time not to blind I would say
Let's just start with it after yes
we go to disguise both
have mined and also the tank
We all give it away
electrical cable and all
other 2 on the vehicle to solve
It is important that we all as possible
to see big parts like here now
the throttle valves purity too
completely degraded then you have afterwards
When removing the engine as much as possible
space
some ropes we are already a small one
This safety catch can be secured
simply bent with a pair of pliers
become
right here at the clutch rope you can
quite simply with a water pump pliers
confirm and then be very easy
accept
now a little tricky that fritzl
to decrease
It was a little trick next to us
better to be able to remember where you screw
have unscrewed this just screwed
in the open screw holes again
so they will not get lost
Now the puzzle is solved first
just the two fixing screws
to solve
the fuse plate off
and the puzzle together with chain easy
I have to go through that for that
rear wheel will be dismantled with a little
force the chain may simply easier
especially because of it after that
release the control linkage
just the screw off and in the skirt
pull it off
mark you what possible for a
direction the control linkage has sat
that ye after the ride again
much comfort you, of course,
The exhaust should also be removed
become
will solve this
fixing screws rear part the
Fixing screws which took out below
grimma is like all screws undertook
Exhaust manifold directly
Now it is still very important that you
the water of the engine peels off suitably
simply the upper water hose
the water pump of course you can too
simply remove the lid from the water
would go on and the water would be easy
run a banner I recommend you
just switch to a cylinder or
have similar work motor
to renew water in any case
you already have all the cables and
Solved anything else and can remember it
make the main fixing screws
the engine in any case
to solve
I do not recommend the screws
to pull out because the engine otherwise tilt
could
and possibly injury
consists
after the last bolt is released
Can your engine gets pretty easy
drop out of the vehicle
Watch out here is no finger
under the motor because these remain
again a few miles and that was it
now you can easily continue a
new engine work